# 937. Reorder Data in Log Files

**How does Collections.Sort() work?**
Internally the Sort method does call Compare method of the classes it is sorting. To compare two elements, it asks “Which is greater?” Compare method returns -1, 0 or 1 to say if it is less than, equal, or greater to the other. It uses this result to then determine if they should be swapped for its sort.

if return ==0 // nothing will happen original order will be maintained.
if return ==1// values will be swapped.
if return ==-1 //need to keep in same order

**String [ ] split ( String regex, int limit )**
**limit > 0 :** If this is the case then the pattern will be applied at most limit-1 times, the resulting array’s length will not be more than n, and the resulting array’s last entry will contain all input beyond the last matched pattern.

**limit < 0 :** In this case, the pattern will be applied as many times as possible, and the resulting array can be of any size.

**limit = 0 :** In this case, the pattern will be applied as many times as possible, the resulting array can be of any size, and trailing empty strings will be discarded.

```java
class Solution {
    public String[] reorderLogFiles(String[] logs) {
        Arrays.sort(logs, (s1, s2) -> {
            String[] split1 = s1.split(" ", 2);
            String[] split2 = s2.split(" ", 2);

            boolean isDigit1 = Character.isDigit(split1[1].charAt(0));
            boolean isDigit2 = Character.isDigit(split2[1].charAt(0));

            if(!isDigit1 && !isDigit2) {
                // both letter-logs.
                int comp = split1[1].compareTo(split2[1]);
                if (comp == 0) return split1[0].compareTo(split2[0]);
                else return comp;
            } else if (isDigit1 && isDigit2) {
                // both digit-logs. So keep them in original order
                return 0;
            } else if (isDigit1 && !isDigit2) {
                // first is digit, second is letter. bring letter to forward.
                return 1;
            } else {
                //first is letter, second is digit. keep them in this order.
                return -1;
            }
        });
        return logs;
    }
}
```
